Feature/enable asset experiment (#3954)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/guides/asset-modules.md

All `.txt` files will be injected into the bundles as is.

## URL assets

When using `new URL('./path/to/asset', import.meta.url)`, webpack creates an asset module too.

__src/index.js__

```js
const logo = new URL('./logo.svg', import.meta.url);
```

> Depends on the [`target`](/configuration/target) in your configuration, webpack will compile the above code into different result:

Author: ```suggestion
Depending on the [`target`](/configuration/target) in your configuration, webpack would compile the above code into different result:
```

> Depending on the [`target`](/configuration/target) in your configuration, webpack would compile the above code into different result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the [`target`](/configuration/target/) in your configuration, webpack would compile the above code into a different result:
```
